Remove metadata-proxy from GCE Clusters from 1.29+ onwards (#15885)
kubernetes/kops: docs/releases/1.28-NOTES.md

## GCP

> * We no longer deploy [metadata-proxy](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/cluster/addons/metadata-proxy) on GCE clusters for K8s versions higher than 1.28. The proxy used to run as a DaemonSet and landed on nodes with the nodeLabel `cloud.google.com/metadata-proxy-ready: "true"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [metadata-proxy](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/cluster/addons/metadata-proxy) is no longer deployed on GCP clusters for Kubernetes 1.28+.
```
